GSoC: Add Proposal for KubeBuilder - Helper to upgrade projects (#844)
cncf/mentoring: summerofcode/2023.md

## Ideas

### Kubebuilder

#### Helper to upgrade the projects
- Description: Things change, and we constantly grow the [KubeBuilder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder), providing new features and bug fixes. Also, sometimes it is required to address incompatible changes via new plugin versions. However, all changes and growth bring some complexities to its users keeping their solutions upgraded and adopting all that is new. The primary motivation of this project is to provide a helper via a command CLI that will automate a common and manual part of this process and try to make it less painful. Also, this project will add a lot of value for Kubebuilder, and its maintainers since it can encourage their users to move forward more frequently. We might be able to use this feature to create lovely automation using git and provide GitHub actions in the future. Note that we have a design proposal to develop the initial version of this feature, which is expected in this project. However, your ideas and input to solve this challenge will be very welcome!
- Expected outcome:
  - Develop a helper to achieve the goal that makes it easier for users to upgrade their projects.

>   - Interfact with the community: make sure the roadmap is generally expected, continuously receive feedbacks to move forward the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Interact with the community: make sure the roadmap is generally expected, continuously receive feedbacks to move forward the project.
```

>   - Develop a helper to achieve the goal that makes it easier for users to upgrade their projects.
>   - Interact with the community: make sure the roadmap is generally expected, continuously receive feedbacks to move forward the project.
>   - Make the helpers properly covered with tests and documentation
>   - Demostrate the feature into the community meeting

Author: ```suggestion
  - Develop a helper to achieve the goal, making it easier for users to upgrade their projects.
  - Interact with the community: make sure the roadmap is generally expected, and continuously receive feedback to move forward with the project.
  - Make the helpers covered adequately with tests and documentation
  - Demonstrate the feature in the community meeting
```

- Recommended Skills: Go

> - Mentor(s): [Camila Macedo](https://github.com/camilamacedo86), [Varsha](https://github.com/varshaprasad96), [Tony (TianYi)](https://github.com/Kavinjsir)

Reviewer: Could you add email addresses of the mentors? You can have a look at other ideas for formatting.

> - Mentor(s): [Camila Macedo](https://github.com/camilamacedo86), [Varsha](https://github.com/varshaprasad96), [Tony (TianYi)](https://github.com/Kavinjsir)

Author: ```suggestion
- Mentor(s): [Camila Macedo](https://github.com/camilamacedo86) (camilamacedo86 AT gmail DOT com), [Varsha](https://github.com/varshaprasad96) (vnarsing AT redhat DOT com), [Tony (TianYi)](https://github.com/Kavinjsir) (kavinjsir AT gmail DOT com)
```

Mentor(s): Pierangelo Di Pilato @pierDipi (pierdipi AT redhat DOT com), Ali Ok @aliok (aliok AT redhat DOT com)

- Expected project size: 350h
- Difficulty: Medium

> - Design Proposal doc (URL): https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/blob/master/designs/helper_to_upgrade_projects_by_rescaffolding.md

Reviewer: This document is very good but it is still better to have a Github issue for the project idea for allowing discussions.
Can you please create an issue and link it here?

See the template https://github.com/cncf/mentoring/pull/844/files#diff-c293d7a32a3366987d0fc8032fc59789df1f5b33c8a6cc6de29872b0d4e05204R22

> - Design Proposal doc (URL): https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/blob/master/designs/helper_to_upgrade_projects_by_rescaffolding.md

Author: ```suggestion
- Design Proposal doc (URL): https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3244
```
